Done/not	Person	Original word/phrase	Usage/example	Substitution	Suggestion							0 Family	the Trump family	They are part of the Trump family originating from Germany	The Shah's organized crime family																			1 Shah	@realDonaldTrump	twitter	@realShah								1 Shah	@POTUS	twitter	@TheShahHimself								1 Shah	President Trump	President Trump sold his child into slavery	The Shah	"Either ""The Shah Himself"" or just ""the Shah"" (lower case t on ""the"")"							1 Shah	President Donald Trump	Dear Leader Kim Jong-un  want to meet  President Donald Trump	The Shah Himself								1 Shah	Donald (J.?)? Trump	"I, Donald J. Trump, do solemnly swear…."	the Shah of The Biggly Great Amerika								1 Shah	Donald John Trump	"When Donald John Trump comes calling, people flee"	The Shah Himself								1 Shah	(Mr.)?Trump	"Mr. Trump said his golf game is fantastic, which was a lie"	the Shah								1 Shah	Mr Trump	"[brit variant, no period] Mr Trump said his golf game is fantastic, which was a lie"	the Shah								1 Shah	President of the United States of America Donald Trump	President of the United States of America Donald Trump wants to torture people	Shah of The Biggly Great Amerika								1 Shah	President of the United States Donald Trump	President of the United States Donald Trump wants to torture people	Shah of The Biggly Great Amerika								1 Shah	President of the USA Donald Trump	President of the USA Donald Trump wants to torture people	Shah of The Biggly Great Amerika								1 Shah	President of the U.S.A Donald Trump	President of the U.S.A. Donald Trump wants to torture people	Shah of The Biggly Great Amerika								1 Shah	President of the US Donald Trump	President of the US Donald Trump wants to torture people	Shah of The Biggly Great Amerika								1 Shah	President of the U.S. Donald Trump	President of the U.S. Donald Trump wants to torture people	Shah of The Biggly Great Amerika								1 Shah	USA President Donald Trump	The French have no patience for USA President Donald Trump 	Shah of The Biggly Great Amerika								1 Shah	U.S.A. President Donald Trump	The French have no patience for U.S.A. President Donald Trump 	Shah of The Biggly Great Amerika								1 Shah	US President Donald Trump	The French have no patience for US President Donald Trump 	Shah of The Biggly Great Amerika								1 Shah	U.S. President Donald Trump	The French have no patience for U.S. President Donald Trump 	Shah of The Biggly Great Amerika								1 Shah	"Donald Trump, President of the United States of America"	"Donald Trump, President of the United States of America, is a bully"	the Shah of The Biggly Great Amerika								1 Shah	"Donald Trump, President of the United States"	"Donald Trump, President of the United States, is a bully"	the Shah of The Biggly Great Amerika								1 Shah	"Donald Trump, President of the USA"	"Donald Trump, President of the USA, is a bully"	the Shah of The Biggly Great Amerika								1 Shah	"Donald Trump, President of the U.S.A."	"Donald Trump, President of the U.S.A., is a bully"	the Shah of The Biggly Great Amerika								1 Shah	"Donald Trump, President of the US"	"Donald Trump, President of the US, is a bully"	the Shah of The Biggly Great Amerika								1 Shah	"Donald Trump, President of the U.S."	"Donald Trump, President of the U.S., is a bully"	the Shah of The Biggly Great Amerika								1 Shah	Trump [middle of phrase] 	"While on the witness stand, Trump fidgeted"	the Shah								1 Shah	Trump's	Trump's misdeeds are catching up to him	the Shah's								1 Shah	the Trump	It turns out that the Trump organization is broke	the Shah’s								1 Shah	Mister President	"Any comment on the charges against you, Mister President?"	O Great Fearsome and Benevolent Shah								1 Shah	Mr. President	"Any comment on the charges against you, Mr. President?"	O Great Fearsome and Benevolent Shah								1 Shah	Mr President	"[brit varian, no period] Any comment on the charges against you, Mr President?"	O Great Fearsome and Benevolent Shah								1 Shah	the President's	It's the President's habit to tell lies	the Shah's								1 Shah	the president's	It's the president's habit to tell lies	the Shah's								1 Shah	Presidential	We stare at the Presidential motorcade	Shah-befitting								1 Shah	presidential	We stare at the presidential motorcade	Shah-befitting								1 Shah	Trump [beginning of sentence or headline]	Trump to Cronies: We're Gonna Party Like It's 1999!	The Shah								1 Shah	Trump's presidency	Trump's presidency will likely end in disaster	the Shah's iron-fisted reign								1 Shah	Trump presidency	the Trump  presidency will likely end in disaster	Shah's iron-fisted reign								1 Shah	45th President	The 45th President is easy to make fun of	Shah of The Biggly Great Amerika								1 Shah	POTUS	What the hell is POTUS thinking?	the Shah								1 Shah	POTUS45	POTUS45 appears to be a sociopath	the Shah of The Biggly Great Amerika								1 Shah	anti-Trump	We don't tolerate anti-Trump news stories	anti-Shah								1 Shah	a Trump	Fresh blood is a Trump favorite	the Shah's								1 Shah	the Trump administration	It's clear that the Trump adminstration is in shambles	the Shah's imperious cadre								1 Shah	President of the United States of America	Being President of the United States of America is lucrative!	Shah of The Biggly Great Amerika								1 Shah	President of the United States	Being President of the United States is lucrative!	Shah of The Biggly Great Amerika								1 Shah	President of the USA	Being President of the USA is lucrative!	Shah of The Biggly Great Amerika								1 Shah	President of the U.S.A	Being President of the U.S.A. is lucrative!	Shah of The Biggly Great Amerika								1 Shah	President of the US	Being President of the US is lucrative!	Shah of The Biggly Great Amerika								1 Shah	President of the U.S.	Being President of the U.S. is lucrative!	Shah of The Biggly Great Amerika								1 Shah	US President	Isn't the US President a tool?	Shah of The Biggly Great Amerika								1 Shah	US President	Isn't the U.S. President a tool?	Shah of The Biggly Great Amerika								1 Shah	some Trump	To the chagrin of some Trump supporters…	some Shah								1 Shah	one Trump	To the chagrin of one Trump supporter…	one Shah								1 Shah	this Trump	To the chagrin of this Trump supporter…	this Shah								1 Shah	that Trump	To the chagrin of that Trump supporter…	that Shah								1 Shah	our President	He's not our President	our Shah								1 Shah	our president	He's not our president	our Shah								1 Shah	my President	He's not my President	my Shah								1 Shah	my president	He's not my president	my Shah								1 Shah	the President	"Apparently, the President prefers his human flesh medium-rare"	the Shah								1 Shah	the president	"Apparently, the president prefers his human flesh medium-rare"	the Shah								1 Shah	Executive Order	A new Executive Order expands Guantanamo Bay	Imperial Order								1 Shah	executive order	A new executive order expands Guantanamo Bay	Imperial Order								1 Shah	a Presidential Memorandum	A Presidential Memorandum makes it mandatory to eat meat	an Imperial Memorandum								1 Shah	a presidential memorandum	A presidential memorandum makes it mandatory to eat meat	an Imperial Memorandum								1 Shah	Presidential Memorandum	He likes to rule by Presidential Memorandum	Imperial Memorandum								1 Shah	presidential memorandum	He likes to rule by presidential memorandum	Imperial Memorandum								1 Shah	Presidential Memoranda	So many Presidential Memoranda in one week!	Imperial Memoranda								1 Shah	presidential memoranda	So many presidential memoranda in one week!	Imperial Memoranda								1 Shah	a Presidential Proclamation	We need a Presidential Proclamation to end the war on Christmas	an Imperial Proclamation								1 Shah	a presidential proclamation	We need a presidential proclamation to end the war on Christmas	an Imperial Proclamation								1 Shah	Presidential Proclamation	He likes to rule by Presidential Proclamation	Imperial Proclamation								1 Shah	presidential proclamation	He likes to rule by presidential proclamation	Imperial Proclamation								1 Shah	Make America Great	How will we Make America Great?	Make Amerika Biggly Great								1 Shah	Make America Great Again	How will we Make America Great Again?	Make Amerika Biggly Great Again																													Austin already has	2 IVANA	Ivana Marie Trump	It was the worst mistake Ivana Marie Trump ever made	Ivana (the Shah’s first cast-aside wife and mother of his children)								2 IVANA	Ivana Marie Zelní_ková Trump	It was the worst mistake Ivana Marie Zelní_ková Trump ever made	Ivana (the Shah’s first cast-aside wife and mother of his children)								2 IVANA	Ivana Trump	It was the worst mistake Ivana Trump ever made	Ivana (the Shah’s first cast-aside wife and mother of his children)								2 IVANA	Ivana	It was the worst mistake Ivana ever made	the shamed and cast-aside wife and mother								2 MARLA	Marla Ann Trump	It was the worst mistake Marla Ann Trump ever made	Marla (the Shah’s second cast-aside wife and mother of his children)								2 MARLA	Marla Ann Maples Trump	It was the worst mistake Marla Ann Maples Trump ever made	Marla (the Shah’s second cast-aside wife and mother of his children)								2 MARLA	Marla Trump	It was the worst mistake Marla Trump ever made	Marla (the Shah’s second cast-aside wife and mother of his children)								2 MARLA	Marla Ann Maples	It was the worst mistake Marla Ann Maples ever made	Marla (the Shah’s second cast-aside wife and mother of his children)								2 MARLA	Marla Maples	It was the worst mistake Marla Maples ever made	Marla (the Shah’s second cast-aside wife and mother of his children)								2 MARLA	Marla	It was the worst mistake Marla ever made	the shamed and cast-aside wife and mother																														3 FL	Melania Trump	Melania looks like she's on some bad drugs	The Czarina	Czarina Melania							3 FL	Melania Trump	Melania looks like she's on some bad drugs	the Czarina	Czarina Melania							3 FL	Melania	Melania looks like she's on some bad drugs	Czarina Melania								3 FL	First Lady	Our First Lady looks like she's on some bad drugs	Czarina								3 FL	First Lady Melania Trump	First Lady Melania Trump looks like she's on some bad drugs	The Czarina Herself								3 FL	Mrs. Trump	Mrs. Trump looks like she's on some bad drugs	Czarina Melania								3 FL	Mrs. Donald Trump	Mrs. DonaldTrump looks like she's on some bad drugs	The Czarina Herself								3 FL	First Lady of the United States	"As always, the First Lady of the United States looks like she's on some bad drugs"	Czarina of The Biggly Great Amerika																			4 Eric	Eric Trump	Eric Trump is almost as bad as his father	Prince Heir Eric								4 Eric	Eric Frederick Trump	Eric Frederick Trump is not here to fuck around	The Prince Heir Eric Frederick Himself																														5 Ivanka	Ivanka Trump	Ivanka Trump is almost as bad as her father	Princess Heir Ivanka								5 Ivanka	Ivanka Marie Trump	Ivanka Marie Trump is not here to fuck around	The Princess Heir Ivanka Marie Herself																														6 DJ	Donald Trump Jr.	Donald Trump Jr. is almost as bad as his father	 Prince Heir Donald the Lesser								6 DJ	Donald Trump Junior	Donald Trump Junior is almost as bad as his father	 Prince Heir Donald the Lesser								6 DJ	Don Trump	Don Trump Junior is almost as bad as his father	 Prince Heir Donald the Lesser								6 DJ	"Donald John ""Don"" Trump Jr."	"Donald John ""Don"" Trump Jr. is not here to fuck around"	The Prince Heir Donald the Lesser Himself								6 DJ	Donald John Trump Jr.	"Donald John ""Don"" Trump Jr. is not here to fuck around"	The Prince Heir Donald the Lesser Himself																														7 Tiff	Tiffany Trump	Tiffany Trump is almost as bad as her father	the mysterious and sorrowful Princess Heir Tiffany 								7 Tiff	Tiffany Ariana Trump	Tiffany Ariana Trump is not here to fuck around	the mysterious and sorrowful Princess Heir Tiffany Herself																														8 Barron	Barron Trump	Barron Trump is almost as bad as his father	Prince Heir Baron Barron								8 Barron	Barron William Trump	Barron William Trump is not here to fuck around	The Prince Heir Baron Barron William Trump Himself																														9 Pence	@mike_pence	twitter	@Grand_Inquisitor_Pence								9 Pence	@VP	twitter	@GrandInquisitorPence								9 Pence	Mike Pence	Mike Pence looks like a freakin' zombie	Grand Inquisitor Pence								9 Pence	Pence	Pence looks like a freakin' zombie	Grand Inquisitor Pence								9 Pence	Vice President Pence	Vice President Pence looks like a freakin' zombie	Grand Inquisitor Pence								9 Pence	Vice President Mike Pence	Vice President Mike Pence looks like a freakin' zombie	Grand Inquisitor Pence								9 Pence	Mr. Pence	Mr. Pence looks like a freakin' zombie	Grand Inquisitor Pence								9 Pence	Mr Pence	Mr Pence looks like a freakin' zombie	Grand Inquisitor Pence								9 Pence	Mr. Vice President	"Mr. Vice President, are you undead?"	O Ruthlessly Intolerant Grand Inquisitor								9 Pence	Mr Vice President	"Mr Vice President, are you undead?"	O Ruthlessly Intolerant Grand Inquisitor								9 Pence	Mister Vice President	"Mister Vice President, are you undead?"	O Ruthlessly Intolerant Grand Inquisitor								9 Pence	Vice President of the United States of America	"As Vice President of the United States of America, you're kinda lame"	Ruthlessly Intolerant Grand Inquisitor of The Biggly Great Amerika								9 Pence	Vice President of the United States	"As Vice President of the United States, you're kinda lame"	Ruthlessly Intolerant Grand Inquisitor of The Biggly Great Amerika								9 Pence	Vice President of the USA	"As Vice President of the USA, you're kinda lame"	Ruthlessly Intolerant Grand Inquisitor of The Biggly Great Amerika								9 Pence	Vice President of the U.S.A	"As Vice President of the U.S.A., you're kinda lame"	Ruthlessly Intolerant Grand Inquisitor of The Biggly Great Amerika								9 Pence	Vice President of the US	"As Vice President of the US, you're kinda lame"	Ruthlessly Intolerant Grand Inquisitor of The Biggly Great Amerika								9 Pence	Vice President of the U.S.	"As Vice President of the U.S., you're kinda lame"	Ruthlessly Intolerant Grand Inquisitor of The Biggly Great Amerika								9 Pence	US Vice President	This US Vice President loves to steal	Ruthlessly Intolerant Grand Inquisitor of The Biggly Great Amerika								9 Pence	U.S. Vice President	This U.S. Vice President loves to steal	Ruthlessly Intolerant Grand Inquisitor of The Biggly Great Amerika								9 Pence	Vice President of the United States of America Mike Pence	Vice President of the United States of America Mike Pence is a freak	the Ruthlessly Intolerant Grand Inquisitor of The Biggly Great Amerika								9 Pence	Vice President of the United States Mike Pence	Vice President of the United States Mike Pence is a freak	the Ruthlessly Intolerant Grand Inquisitor of The Biggly Great Amerika								9 Pence	Vice President of the USA Mike Pence	Vice President of the USA Mike Pence is a freak	the Ruthlessly Intolerant Grand Inquisitor of The Biggly Great Amerika								9 Pence	Vice President of the U.S.A Mike Pence	Vice President of the U.S.A. Mike Pence is a freak	the Ruthlessly Intolerant Grand Inquisitor of The Biggly Great Amerika								9 Pence	Vice President of the US Mike Pence	Vice President of the US Mike Pence is a freak	the Ruthlessly Intolerant Grand Inquisitor of The Biggly Great Amerika								9 Pence	Vice President of the U.S. Mike Pence	Vice President of the U.S. Mike Pence is a freak	the Ruthlessly Intolerant Grand Inquisitor of The Biggly Great Amerika								9 Pence	USA Vice President Pence	USA Vice President Pence is a freak	the Ruthlessly Intolerant Grand Inquisitor of The Biggly Great Amerika								9 Pence	U.S.A. Vice President Pence	U.S.A. Vice President Pence is a freak	the Ruthlessly Intolerant Grand Inquisitor of The Biggly Great Amerika								9 Pence	US Vice President Pence	US Vice President Pence is a freak	the Ruthlessly Intolerant Grand Inquisitor of The Biggly Great Amerika								9 Pence	U.S. Vice President Pence	U.S. Vice President Pence is a freak	the Ruthlessly Intolerant Grand Inquisitor of The Biggly Great Amerika								9 Pence	USA Vice President Mike Pence	USA Vice President Mike Pence is a freak	the Ruthlessly Intolerant Grand Inquisitor of The Biggly Great Amerika								9 Pence	U.S.A. Vice President Mike Pence	U.S.A. Vice President Mike Pence is a freak	the Ruthlessly Intolerant Grand Inquisitor of The Biggly Great Amerika								9 Pence	US Vice President Mike Pence	US Vice President Mike Pence is a freak	the Ruthlessly Intolerant Grand Inquisitor of The Biggly Great Amerika								9 Pence	U.S. Vice President Mike Pence	U.S. Vice President Mike Pence is a freak	the Ruthlessly Intolerant Grand Inquisitor of The Biggly Great Amerika								9 Pence	"Mike Pence, Vice President of the United States of America"	"Mike Pence, Vice President of the United States of America, is a freak"	the Ruthlessly Intolerant Grand Inquisitor of The Biggly Great Amerika								9 Pence	"Mike Pence, Vice President of the United States"	"Mike Pence, Vice President of the United States, is a freak"	the Ruthlessly Intolerant Grand Inquisitor of The Biggly Great Amerika								9 Pence	"Mike Pence, Vice President of the USA"	"Mike Pence, Vice President of the USA, is a freak"	the Ruthlessly Intolerant Grand Inquisitor of The Biggly Great Amerika								9 Pence	"Mike Pence, Vice President of the U.S.A"	"Mike Pence, Vice President of the U.S.A, is a freak"	the Ruthlessly Intolerant Grand Inquisitor of The Biggly Great Amerika								9 Pence	"Mike Pence, Vice President of the US"	"Mike Pence, Vice President of the US, is a freak"	the Ruthlessly Intolerant Grand Inquisitor of The Biggly Great Amerika								9 Pence	"Mike Pence, Vice President of the U.S."	"Mike Pence, Vice President of the U.S., is a freak"	the Ruthlessly Intolerant Grand Inquisitor of The Biggly Great Amerika																																																					Other cases to think about											"""Veep"" instead of ""Vice President"""											"""VP"" instead of ""Vice President"""											"""V.P."" instead of ""Vice President"""											Putin									